Part 1: Strategy Analysis for Greedy Taker
Playing the game as a maker against the Greedy Taker, what are the advantages of each role?
What do you think is the best possible strategy for the Maker?
How much do you think the Maker profits or loses per game on average?

Part 2: Code a Maker against Greedy Taker
I have written up an implementation of the game here: https://github.com/jh-lor/trading_mock/.
Read through the implementation and write your own Maker class.
The base code of the game can be found in maker_taker_base.py, examples of Makers and Takers can be found in sample_traders.py and a jupyter notebook for simulation can be found in maker_taker.ipynb.

Please include the code you wrote embedded in text for your submission and include a .py file.
Please name your class <FirstName>Maker and your .py file should be named <FirstName>Maker.py.


Part 3: Trading Competition Deployment
Imagine we are organizing a trading competition with 100 players who could be here in person or remote.We play this game multiple times and collect submissions for Makers in-between rounds.
We also want a way to give players information about their performance in previous games relative to other players, but some information is private.
How would you implement a system that would help us run a competition successfully?
If you don’t have much SWE experience like me, list what you would do to learn how to get started.


Part 4 (OPTIONAL): General Maker and Taker Strategy
Assume now we have 100 players, and each submits both a Maker and a Taker.
Each person’s Maker plays the game once against each other person’s Taker and vice versa (We are no longer playing against Greedy Taker).
Each Maker and Taker’s score is the sum of the pnl against the 99 other players and the Makers and Takers are scored separately.
What Maker and Taker would you submit and why? (Don’t spend too much time on this!
The strategy for this game can go very deep and a solution that doesn’t require a lot of time to implement yet does reasonable things is good enough)